- This is a file explaining the different processes I used in order for This
API to run.
- It has a documentation of processes that do not exist in code that I worked on, e.g on the terminal


When starting the project, you have set up the python environment and activate It

Terminal:
"python -m venv .venv " - Setup virtual environment and name it ".venv"

Before activating it, I had to enable running of scripts in my system which had been disabled using:
Set the Execution Policy Temporarily: You can set the execution policy to allow script execution for the current session only by running the following command:

Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -Scope Process
This command will change the execution policy for the current PowerShell session only and will revert back to the previous setting once you close the window.

- The command above enables scripting in the system.

.\.venv\Scripts\Activate #Activates the python script. (The . in .venv is part of its name)


Then, to install the dependencies we need, list them in a file requirements.txt, and then create a new file for our code called application.py. We can write code now after this, but keep your virtual environment running. 
"pip install flask"
"pip install flask-sqlalchemy"
pip freeze > requirements.txt
echo . > application.py

I then created a .gitignore file to prevent tracking of unnecesary files by git such as the venv, logs, IDE configurations.
And a .typeignore file as well 

#Preparing the environment to run the script 
Terminal:
$env:FLASK_APP = "application.py"  #Command tells Flask which file to use as the main app
$env:FLASK_ENV= "development" #Gets into development mode and shows all errros

N/B : You’ll need to do these exports every time you start your terminal window. So always make sure to 
Be in the right directory
Activate your virtual environment
Run your exports (Those starting with set)

The  CRUd PROCESS performed in the terminal were as follows

first, get into python interactive mode by using "python"

Then:
